Fix: Do not crash when passing null values to @Nullable methods, eg User and Scope (#1133)
getsentry/sentry-java: CHANGELOG.md

* Feat: set isSideLoaded info tags
* Enhancement: Read tracesSampleRate from AndroidManifest
* Ref: Return NoOpTransaction instead of null (#1126)

> * Fix: User.setOthers is marked @Nullable but crashes when passing in null #1131

Author: ```suggestion
* Fix: Do not crash when passing null values to @Nullable methods, eg User and Scope
```
